Let's move on, we're gonna talk
just briefly about other assistive
technologies, and then we're gonna fire
up a screen reader and do some testing.
So there are other types of
assistive technologies and
other content types that
I wanted to mention.
So, I mean, even as simple as
things like eyeglasses and
wheelchairs could be
considered assistive devices.
But as I mentioned,
there's braille displays.
If you're curious about those,
I have a link in here about how braille
displays help users navigate the web.
There's speech recognition and
voice control using things
like Dragon NaturallySpeaking.
There's also voice control for
iOS and MacOS, and
I have a link in here from my buddy,
this guy named Ian McKay,
who's a quadriplegic,
he's up in Washington where I live.
And he does a lot of work with
Apple to improve their software for
paraplegics, quadriplegics.
And so, in this video that I've included,
he talks about Apple accessibility,
his work with them and how he uses it.
And so, yeah, he powers his wheelchair,
he's got a smart home that
he uses voice control.
So he's a real ambassador for
using technology,
it's changed his life, he's super awesome.
So yeah, once you learn how people use
technology, it becomes less of a mystery.
It's like, well, yeah, of course,
we have to make it accessible,
cuz then En can't use it, or
then, these are real people.
So switch devices are another way that
people navigate either a mobile device or
computer, so
you can have a limited number of keys, and
there's a video in here from
Rob Dodson on Ali Cass.
He talks more about switch devices,
screen magnification,
as you mentioned earlier, you had to
fire it up yesterday to deal with
a vision issue, and so
that's there all the time.
We have screen magnification and
Zoom built into our platforms.
There's also third party software
with things like Zoom text.
And just to sort of make sure we cover
this, just somewhere in the workshop,
I wanted to mention transcripts and
closed captions.
Cuz those are so critical for
people who are deaf or
hard of hearing to follow along,
sort of a different approach.
But both transcripts and
closed captions are critical,
any time you have audio or media content.
And then audio descriptions, which are
a little more related to people who use
screen readers, but
it's like alternative text for video.
And so, if you watch Netflix or Hulu or
something when you watch a show, there
are nonverbal things that happen in those
shows that if they could be described.
With audio descriptions, you turn it on or
play an audio described version
of a video and it will read all of that
stuff aloud along with the dialogue.